Update the header of every file - new comments (#108188)
AdguardTeam/AdguardFilters: EnglishFilter/sections/whitelist_stealth.txt

!

> ! This section contains the list of rules that fix Stealth Mode incorrect blocking. Rules should be domain-specific.

Reviewer: `incorrect blocking` better `issues`. Not all options are blocking.

> ! This section contains the list of the base rules that fixes Stealth Mode incorrect blocking. Rules should be specific.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
! This section contains the list of rules that fix Stealth Mode incorrect blocking. Rules should be domain-specific.
```
